>> Will Sentance: Now we need
to see if we can create,
still using the new keyword approach,
a paid user.
Paid User 1.
>> Will Sentance: This is
potentially a little bit tough.
Because, we're gonna have a new
keyword be like a hammer to hit,
you know when you use a hammer for
any task.
That new keyword only does one thing.
Inside of paid user creator, it's gonna
create an empty object automatically with
a label this, that's gonna link to the
proto whatever the paid user creator is.
Sorry proto of the paid
user creator.prototype.
And then it's gonna
return that object out.
That's pretty like [SOUND].
It's gonna do that whatever happens.
If we use a new keyword on paid user
creator, that's what it's gonna do.
So we're gonna have to be really
smart as to how we use that, and
still get to reuse the user creation code.
And have them work together.
Cuz there's gonna be a little bit comment.
And that's why we take control
again with the help of cool.
That allows us to take control of our
this assignment inside a user creator.
Cuz we're gonna use that
user creator code again.
I do not want to have to,
write code to re-assign name and
score inside a paid user creator and
usually it wouldn't be two properties
from user, I'm grabbing fifty properties.
I don't want to re-sit
them all on there again.
I want to user creator function
to add those properties, but
it's gonna be a bit messy.
Because that user creator function
required a new key word that created
an object, but
we're using the new key word over here
that's creating a different object.
So how do these two gonna work together?
Well, what we're going to do,
is we're not even going to use
user creator with the new keyword.
It's really, really it's,
it's really interesting.
We're not even use user
creator with a new keyword,
we're gonna use user
creator independent of it.
Well, then what the hell
does this refer to?
Don't panic,
we're gonna use it with the call.
That's gonna set this
inside the user creator,
to be the this that was the auto
created object in paid user creator.
They're not gonna be different objects,
we're gonna use this one in user creator,
and have it indirectly be mutated
from within user creator.
It is one of the most intricate, finicky
little pieces of all of JavaScript.
But we're gonna play it out.
So, let's go to the right-hand
side of our code,
still the same application,
still the same run time.
It's sort of continuing over, and Michael
top right-hand side, what are we doing?
>> Michael: Creating a function
called paid user creator.
>> Will Sentance: Paid user Creator,
which is a function.
Who wants to give me the full
story of what this function is?
Cuz we know we're gonna be calling
the creator with a new keyword.
So we know that when it's called,
it's gonna make reference to some of
the function in its object format.
So someone give me the, sort of
the full piece we're doing in, Terry,
you wanna tell me when I declare page
user creator, what else is happening?
It's a function plus?
>> Terry: An object.
>> Will Sentance: Plus an object,
beautiful man, there it is.
There's the object portion.
Which on the object portion has
automatically what property,Terry?
>> Terry: This?
>> Will Sentance: [LAUGH]
>> Terry: A prototype.
>> Will Sentance: Prototype,
well done man, prototype,
which is a big old empty object.
Where, any objects
that get returned from running paid
user creator with a new keyword.
Will also automatically have their
proto-bond be set to link to that object.
So let's put our functions in there,
that we won't Paid User 1, Paid User 2,
Paid User 50,
to all have access to that object.
We hope we're gonna do that.
So let's see if we do.
Paid user creator .prototype,
we want this object,
this object is gonna be linked to by
any object, pages of 1, pages of 2,
pages of 50, that come out of running,
paid user/creator with a new keyword.
They're gonna have their
protobond to this object.
So we want to put in that object and
I kinda want to do it first.
I'm not sure why I did.
That's why it's a little bit silly
the way I did this but it's okay.
We want that object to also have its
protobond be up to these functions.
Remember that from last time?
So that we have access to the specific
paid user functions like increase balance,
but also still to all
the regular use functions.
So how do we make that bond?
David I asked you this last time,
what do I need to add to this object to
have it have a link up to these functions?
What does this object need to have to
have a link up to these functions.
>> David: Proto.
>> Will Sentance: Proto spot on, a hidden
proto property which would link up.
But how do I set its proto?
Well actually,
I can just use set prototype all, can't I?
But for some reason,
I decided to do it this way.
Which was to completely
overwrite the object.
I'm going to change this cuz,
but it's fine.
Both illegitimate, but to completely
overwritethe object, prototype object and
seek a brand new object in there, right?
I'll do that create return out
of brand new of the object,
which has it's proto set to.
>> Michael: The user creator prototype.
>> Will Sentance: Exactly,
there it is, and that then links up
to, and that means this
object here is ready to go,
ready to go to link up here,
that's fantastic, all right.
Good, and now,
we wanna make sure that this object
has its Paid user specific function.
Seth, tell me what we'll
do on our next line here.
Paid user
created.prototype.increaseBalance.
Tell me what we do.
>> Michael: Adding a method called
increaseBalance to the prototype
object on paid user creator.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, excellent man.
>> Will Sentance: Okay,
now we've done all our setup here.
There it all is.
We have a function that we call
the new keyword pages of creator.
Hopefully it returns out an object,
we saw in pages one.
And that object,
because this function is gonna be called
the new keyword is hopefully gonna
have a bond to the pages creator prototype
where we find increased balance.
>> Will Sentance: And then that is gonna
still have a bond up to user created
dot prototype.
So that these functions are all
available to our pages of one.
But, so that our user1 still only has
access to our user only functions.